---
title: whats new in v1.0.0
date: 2023-03-18 10:00:00
permalink: /pages/2934a3/
---
## v0.9.1
- Document generation adaptation for the PageHelper pagination plugin.
- Document generation adaptation for the easy-es paginator.
- Documentation generation compatibility with classes packed into a JAR file where comments cannot be read.
- Provision of a SpringBoot Starter for zero-configuration use.
- Provision of configurable options for SpringBoot.• Provision of automatic Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) support.
- Provision of watermark setting functionality.
- Provision of confidentiality level setting functionality.
- Provision of online debugging features (supporting custom request URLs, request headers, and other functionalities available in Swagger).
- Upgrade Fastjson to a zero CVE (Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures) version.
- Upgrade JavaParser to the latest version, ensuring compatibility and adapting code as necessary.
- Adaptation for JDK versions from 8 to 21.
- Resolution of issues where some interface parameters were missing when generating API documentation using Freemarker, leading to abnormal termination of the entire generation process.
- Resolution of type conversion exceptions caused by the use of wildcard generic types in interface parameters, leading to abnormal termination of the entire generation process.
- Resolution of issues where DDD scanners failed to recognize scenarios without @RestController or @Controller annotations.
- Resolution of problems where interfaces could not be read.
- Refactoring of a large amount of code.
- Provision of a more comprehensive, friendly, and understandable bilingual official website.
- ...


