---
title: Charge
date: 2023-03-18 10:00:00
permalink: /pages/fb2b9d/
---

## Background

Firstly, we would like to clarify that the purpose of our charging model is not for profit. 
The official website of the community, servers, and other resources require substantial annual investment.
At the same time, every developer in the community devotes a considerable amount of time and effort. 
If there is no return over a long period, it becomes challenging to maintain continuous dedication.
To ensure that open-source projects can progress further and achieve sustainable, healthy development, delivering higher quality and service to every user, we have decided to adopt a tiered pricing strategy. 
We hope for your understanding. For individual developers and small micro-enterprises, we promise lifelong free usage! Only medium-to-large enterprises will be subject to fees, as these companies already possess sound profitability, and the products we offer hold significant value.
They can help businesses reduce costs and increase efficiency more effectively. 
Enterprises only need to allocate a small portion of the cost savings achieved after introducing our product to encourage the developers in our community. 
In return, we will display your company's official website on the doc-apis website, granting you free access to massive traffic. Furthermore, any issues encountered by your staff during the use of doc-apis will receive priority technical support from us. 
Ultimately, this will lead to a win-win situation between the enterprise and the open-source community!Please note that the translation provided here is based on the context given and aims to convey the original intent and meaning as closely as possible.

## Referral Rewards

-  Individual Users: Free/year with unlimited trials
- Companies with 1-10 employees: Free/year with unlimited trials
- Companies with 11-99 employees: 188 yuan/year
- Companies with 100-999 employees: 888 yuan/year
- Companies with over 1,000 employees: 1,888 yuan/year
- Enterprise Lifetime License: 8,888 yuan
- For enterprises reaching the chargeable scale, the first 100 trials are free.

## Referral Rewards

We warmly welcome you to recommend this framework to your company. Your boss is unlikely to blame you for such a negligible cost; instead, as a boss, having an employee who always thinks about the company's benefit will be highly appreciated. After all, the framework genuinely helps the company cut costs and boost efficiency, resulting in substantial savings on manpower throughout the year, far outweighing the charges. Besides potential rewards from your company, we also incentivize referrers. Upon successful referral and payment completion, our community will directly reward the referrer with 20% of the payment amount.

## Whistleblower Channel

If your company is using this open-source project without proper payment or misappropriating the source code, please contact us through the following channel. We will handle your privacy with care, ensuring your personal information remains confidential. Should the reported information prove true and reliable, we will award you with more than half of the arbitration compensation after the settlement! We also hope that companies can voluntarily abide by the open-source license (AGPL-3.0) and relevant laws, respecting the fruits of labor of open-source authors.

Mail:xpc@dormara.org
QQ|Wechat:252645816
